My Build is Failing 

 

Verify your images are real PNGs 

Ensure you have not manually renamed the file extension of an image, e.g. JPEG, and mark it as a .png, as that will fail the build. Use an image converter or ensure your original image is a real PNG instead. 

 

Verify your App Center is correctly configured 

Ensure your App Center link is created as an App within an Org, and not a standalone App 

[BuildFail_1.png] 

Graphical user interface, text, application, chat or text message

Description automatically generated 

Ensure the access token you created is correct. 

Correct: Click on your created App -> Settings -> App API Tokens 

Incorrect: Account Settings -> User API Tokens 

Ensure your iOS or Android App created has the right settings configurations. 

iOS: OS=Custom 

Android: OS=Android, Platform=React Native 

 

For more information, refer to Steps 8 and 9 here. 

 

Verify your Keyvault configuration is correct 

Ensure Azure Service Principal was created and role added (Steps 1-2 here) 

Ensure your Keyvault contains all necessary certificates, secrets and tags for iOS and/or Android: 

iOS: 2 Tags, 1 Certificate, 1 Secret  

Android: 1 Tag, 1 Certificate 

 

For more information, see this link. 

 

If you have all the proper configuration, try again. 

If after retries and proper configuration, the build fails, please reach out to our support alias. See details at the end of this document. 

 

I can’t Save my project or trigger a Build 

 

Please update to latest Wrap solution version and try again. 

Please ensure there are no UI validation errors blocking Save or Build submission 

I can’t install my Wrapped Mobile App on my device 

 

Ensure you have signed the outputted application. You can do so by configuring a Keyvault and providing it at build trigger time, or manually signing. For more details, see: 

Setup Keyvault for Automated Signing 

Code sign for iOS 

Code sign for Android 

Ensure your mobile device meets these minimum requirements. 

I can’t sign in to my Wrapped Mobile App / I can’t see data in my app 

 

Verify your AAD app is properly configured: 

 

All API permissions have been added correctly. Refer to the below and/or see Configure API Permissions 

 

SignInFail_1.png 

Graphical user interface, text, application, table

Description automatically generated 

 

 

Ensure admin Add-AdminAllowedThirdPartyApps script was run successfully. See Allow registered apps in your environment. 

 

Verify your AAD app type is Multi-tenant. Under your AAD app’s Authentication tab, Supported account types should be “Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Azure AD directory – Multitenant” 

Ensure the proper Redirect URI’s have been created for iOS and/or Android. For Android, ensure the hash is provided correctly. For more info, see these steps. 

 

 

 

 

For other issues, or if your issue persists after following these steps, please reach out to support alias pamobsup@microsoft.com, include a repro video and/or screenshots, as well as a session id, which can be acquired like so: 

 

Login Screen: Bottom Right Gear Icon -> Session Details 

App Opened:  Shake Device -> Session Details 
